docs: refine documentation 0.7 (#643)
jina-ai/finetuner: README.md

<!-- start elevator-pitch -->

Fine-tuning is an effective way to improve performance on [neural search](https://jina.ai/news/what-is-neural-search-and-learn-to-build-a-neural-search-engine/) tasks.
However, setting up and performing fine-tuning can be very time-consuming and resource-intensive.

> Jina AI's Finetuner makes fine-tuning easier and faster by streamlining the workflow and handling all complexity and infrastructure in the cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jina AI's Finetuner makes fine-tuning easier and faster by streamlining the workflow and handling all the complexity and infrastructure in the cloud.
```

> With Finetuner, one can easily enhance the performance of pre-trained models,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Finetuner, you can easily enhance the performance of pre-trained models,
```

> making them production-ready [without extensive labeling](https://jina.ai/news/fine-tuning-with-low-budget-and-high-expectations/) and maintaining hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
making them production-ready [without extensive labeling](https://jina.ai/news/fine-tuning-with-low-budget-and-high-expectations/) or expensive hardware.
```

> 🎏 **Better embeddings**: create high-quality embeddings for semantic search, visual similarity search, cross-modal text image search, recommendation,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎏 **Better embeddings**: create high-quality embeddings for semantic search, visual similarity search, cross-modal text<->image search, recommendation systems, or other uses,
```

> clustering, duplication detection, anomaly detection etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clustering, duplication detection, anomaly detection, or other uses.
```

> ⏰ **Low budget, high expectation**: effectively use a few hundreds of training samples and finish tuning within an hour while bring considerable improvements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⏰ **Low budget, high expectation**: bring considerable improvements to model performance, making the most out of as little as a few hundred training samples, and finish fine-tuning in as little as an hour.
```

> 📈 **Performance promise**: enhance the performance of pre-trained models and deliver state-of-the-art performance on 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📈 **Performance promise**: enhance the performance of pre-trained models so that they deliver state-of-the-art performance on 
```

> domain-specific neural search applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
domain-specific applications.
```

> ⚠️ Starting with version 0.5.0, Finetuner computing is performed on Jina AI Cloud. The last local version is `0.4.1`. 
> This version is still available for installation via `pip`. See [Finetuner git tags and releases](https://github.com/jina-ai/finetuner/releases).

  
## Get Started

The following code snippet describes how to fine-tune ResNet50 on the [_Totally Looks Like_ dataset](https://sites.google.com/view/totally-looks-like-dataset). 
You can run it as-is. The model and training data are already hosted in Jina AI Cloud and Finetuner will 
download them automatically.
(NB: If there is already a run called `resnet50-tll-run`, choose a different run-name in the code below.)

```python
import finetuner
from finetuner.callback import EvaluationCallback

finetuner.login()

run = finetuner.fit(
    model='resnet50',
    run_name='resnet50-tll-run',
    train_data='tll-train-data',
    callbacks=[
        EvaluationCallback(
            query_data='tll-test-query-data',
            index_data='tll-test-index-data',
        )
    ],
)

> ```

Author: on the other hand, i believe readme should be very compact, only documentation keeps code samples.
